Deprecate the `humlicek2` method for `Voigt1D` (#14013)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/modeling/14013.api.rst

Deprecate the ``humlicek2`` method for `~astropy.modeling.functional_models.Voigt1D` in favor

> of using the ``wolz`` method provided by `scipy.special.wofz` whenever `scipy` is
> installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of using the ``wofz`` method using the `scipy.special.wofz` implementation of the
Fadeeva function whenever `scipy` is installed.
```
typo
